# COVID-Vaccine-Sentimental-analysis
COVID-19 vaccine sentimental analysis using twitter tweets
  Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus. Covid-19 has wreaked havoc throughout the world in 2020.The disease has consumed the lives of a huge number of people. It has been found that most of the people infected with the Covid-19 virus will have mild to moderate respiratory illness and recover without requiring special treatment. People of higher age and also those with underlying problems like cancer, diabetes, etc are more likely to develop serious illness. Everyone must be aware of the Covid-19 virus, the disease it causes and how it spreads in order to prevent and slow down the transmission. People must wash their hands or use an alcohol-based rub frequently to prevent the spreading of virus. The virus spreads mainly through discharge from the nose or droplets of saliva. So it is better to sneeze or cough into a flexed elbow.
	Vaccines have been developed to treat the disease over the last one year. Some of them include Covaxin, Sinopharm, AstraZeneca, etc. To find out the opinions of people about the different vaccines used to treat Covid-19 we have collected a data set on “Covid-19 Vaccines Tweets”. The people who have been vaccinated have expressed their opinions on different vaccines which are being used to treat Covid-19. We will extract all the words from the dataset which will be categorized into positive, negative or neutral. The extracted words will be displayed in the form of three pictures, each representing opinions of three categories- positive, negative or neutral.
